No one wants to manage
databases. If they can avoid
it. That's why Mongo DB
made Mongo DB Atlas, a
global cloud database service that
runs on AWS, GCP and
Azure. You can deploy a
fully managed Mongo DB database
in minutes with just a
few clicks or a few
API calls, Mongo DB, Atlas,
automates deployment, automates updates, handles
scaling, and more so that
you can focus on your
application instead of taking care
of your database, you can
get started free@mongodb.com slash Atlas.
Now, if you're already managing
a Mongo DB deployment, Atlas
has a live migration service,
so you can migrate it
easily with minimal downtime and
then get back to what
matters. Stop managing your database
and start using Mongo DB
Atlas. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman, Hansel minutes today. I'm
talking with Kate Redding. She's
an engineering manager at the
sauna. How are you? I'm
good. Thanks. How are you,
Scott? Join the pen at
all. Looking for, you know,
honestly looking forward to podcasts
and talking to amazing people
every week is a highlight.
If you have any great
highlights in your week, I
mean, other than a setting
a pizza box on fire
in the kitchen last night,
I'm not sure what could
surpass that right now. That
sounds amazing. But only if
it was intentional, you had
to intentionally burn the pizza
box in your house. Sadly,
we lost a great half
of a pepperoni and sausage
pizza, so I would have
planned it differently if I
was doing it on purpose.
Well, we, we, we, the
handsome and its audience collectively
mourn that half of the
pizza. I was checking out
your, the sauna blog when
you would have an article
called why I joined. And
whenever I have people on
the show, I look at
the, the dates and I
always try to figure out
the timeline. How long were
you at Assan or have
you been in a sauna
before you became a remote
worker against your will? So
I joined a Assana in
January of 2019. And so
that means a little bit
over a year before we
went remote. Was it all
quick? Was it like Monday
you're at the office and
Tuesday they're like, go, go,
go. I don't even remember
because what I really remember
is that I had taken
a week of vacation. And
so I was on the
East coast for a wedding
when San Francisco went on
lockdown. So what happened for
me is that I was
out of the office when
we, the office made all
those decisions. And so my
life was about deciding, am
I going back to San
Francisco or not? And we
rented a car and drove
cross country to Missouri. And
I lived there for three
months and I just flew
last from Missouri to Florida
to switch from staying with
my husband's parents, to staying
with my parents. So my,
my world has, I haven't
been in San Francisco for
four months. Yikes. So the
house is, or the apartment
or whatever is in the
state that it was when
you left and was not
expected to like, yes. Did
you leave an iron go?
I did ask a friend
to go and empty my
trash and see what was
in the fridge. It turned
out I had left the
back door unlocked. So we
got that taken care of,
but yeah, it was a
bit of a shift from
what I expected. Okay. Well,
this is actually really interesting
because you went to both
your, your husband's parents and
your parents. Now my wife
and my parents, respectively don't
exactly have amazing home internet.
And I have been seeing
quite a diversity of home
internet as I've watched people
struggle with their, you know,
high definition teams and zoom
calls as has that been
an issue at all the
infrastructure of the parents There've
been pluses and minuses, I
would say so my husband's
family lives in Missouri in
a very small town. We
were worried about the internet,
but actually it worked out
fine cause he and I
were both doing zoom calls.
The thing that was very
interesting is they have a
cabin in the middle of
nowhere that they like to
go to on the weekends.
And there there's no internet
and my phone doesn't work.
And so I don't, I've
tried very hard not to
work on. Yeah. I try
very hard not to work
on the weekend anyway, but
I'm used to sort of
having this fallback of what
if I need to check
in on something or if
I have a candida and
I'm trying to hire and
they need something from me
and there needs to be
some approval I'm off by
time zones for a couple
of hours. I'm used to
having a little bit of
a fallback and instead I've
just now made it very
clear. Hey, on the weekends,
I am going out of
internet range. So if you
need anything from me, get
it to me by noon
on Friday. And it's been
very healthy. Wouldn't you say
that it would have been
healthy?  Well, listen, I'm
going to take this as
a learning opportunity, but also
I, I hadn't worked from
home, you know, and so
it was much easier to
draw boundaries when my work
was at work and my
home was at home. That
is really interesting. So I've
worked remotely for Microsoft now
for 14 years and I
have found the opposite and
I've heard people say the
opposite is that you're in
your house. And if you're
kind of trapped and of
course that's a juxtaposition between
remote work as a, as
a joy and a freeing
thing, and quarantine work as
an oppressive, you know, Gloria's
prison with Netflix, but the
idea that I don't really
have anything else to do,
and I'm in the spare
bedroom and I go outside
and I'm on the same
wifi network, people find themselves
working always like their work
is just smeared across their
personal lives. It's awesome that
you are able to keep
those things separate. And some
of it is Survival. And
some of it is setting
an example for one thing,
I'm also a parent. So
that is, I have a
three year old daughter and
that's a big reason why
we decided not to go
back to San Francisco and
instead to stay with family
for a few months, because
it just gave us a
lot more flexibility, but it
means that I don't have
hard lines within my work
day. And I don't have
hard lines at the end
of my Workday. You know,
I mean, right before I
came in to record this
podcast, my daughter wanted to
show me how she made
the bed. And she really
wanted me to come in
and play with her. And
I had to be like,
no, I have, I have
something I have to do.
And so that happens my
whole day. So by the
time I'm finished with work
for the day, if I
can really draw a line
and say, I'm finished, I
just, I need to, because
there's more things I have
to do. Hmm. See, first
I feel like we need
to immediately stop the show
and see this bed. It's
a thing of beauty. I
feel like there's an accomplishment
in the other room and
we are missing out on
that. I, I very much
appreciate that the, the twelve-year-old
will come in here and
he'd be like, Hey, can
you look at this Minecraft
thing that I built? And
it's like, Oh, you know,
you're going to talk to
a vice president or whatever.
I don't know that my
boss's boss's boss needs to
talk to me. And then
they go that's okay. I
guess I'll see you after
work. You know, it's just
like, Oh, you're ripping my
heart out. Like I don't
want to work. I'd love
to, I mean, I like
my job. That's the other
thing explaining to a child.
I like my job. I
don't want to work. I
want to hang out with
you. Right. And it's, it's
sort of both all the
time. Right? I like my
job and I love being
a parent. It's just the,
I can't do them both
at the exact moment all
the time. The other thing
that I liked that you
said, and I read a
double meaning into it, as
you said, you're setting an
example. And I'm curious if
that is setting an example
for your team as well.
Yes. As I've been thinking
about how I support my
team, one of the things
that I've been talking with
them about is I created
this thing that I wrote
up early on in the
pandemic. And I said, it's
my, my comms plan for
this work from home time.
And my priorities and I
listed my top priority is
health and safety of my
family. And then my second
priority is health and safety
of the people on my
team. And then third is
helping, you know, like healthy
functioning of the team. And
then fourth is execution. And
so if I'm not setting
that example where I'm saying,
I'm turning off the internet
or I'm having a hard
day or Emma, my daughter
is having a rough day.
And so I need to
take the space to take
care of that. How am
I then going to tell
the rest of my team
that it's safe for them
to do the same thing
That is really important? And
what I like about hearing
people's priorities is I like
it when they don't fit
an obvious order or I,
or I go, Oh, that's
how you ordered them. My
wife and I have told
the boys that the marriage
is number one priority and
the boys are second. And
the boys are like, so
offended by that. What I
was like, wait, you guys,
we were here before you,
and we will be here
after you. Don't let the
door hit you on the
butt on the way out.
Right? So without a healthy
marriage, you know, so what
you're talking about is execution
fourth, you know, but at
the same time, that that
makes total sense. And that
sets the tone for the
whole family for the whole
personal life and the professional
life. And hopefully your, your
team takes that to heart
as well. When it comes
to taking time off and
setting boundaries with you, Right?
I find it's especially important
for my engineering team leads.
So that's the, the hands
on people who are writing
code, who are leading the
team is they feel a
real sense of responsibility. The
team depends on me. If
I'm not doing those things,
the work isn't going to
be ready for them. And
I describe it as the
classic. You have to put
your oxygen mask on first,
if you don't take care
of you, how can you
take care of anything else?
And it's the same for
me in my role. And
I, and I know that
that is one of the
primary goals. Your primary job
functions as injuring manager is
to coach those team leads
on what's an effective process.
What's an effective culture, but
how are you doing that
on the fly? You said
that you hadn't been, did
I understand that you have
no remote working experience before?
Do you, do you read,
you ask other people who
work remotely or do you
just figure it out? Intuitively
My teams were kind of
interesting on one of my
teams. I had one remote
employee. So one person who
has always been remote and
then the rest of the
team was all in the
office. So from that, there
are definitely some practices that
we got in place to
make sure that he could
work effectively as a member
of the team. And I
think that probably gave us
a leg up, but everyone
going remote really changes things
a lot. I think there's
a fair amount of it
that is we relied on
some practices we already had
in place that were good.
And then we had to
double down and make them
better. And maybe the top
thing is, is iteration. I
honestly don't read as much
as I used to. And
I think it's a it's,
especially because I just don't,
I can't create the space
for, in it, in my
life for it right now.
So I think a lot
of it is tips and
tricks from other people who
are in my network, just
kind of very quick, we
were doing a lot of
here's the thing I've done
that works. And I'm like,
great. I'm just going to
take yours and try it
and then iterate on it.
And that's been maybe one
of the fastest way. Yeah.
That is smart though. Like
fail fast, fail often, if
you think about, I mean,
just going to like listening
to how you're absorbing and
how you're processing information, you,
you set formal priorities on
your life. There's a lot
of people who just let
their lives happen by default,
you ranked the things that
you were important to you.
And now you're describing a,
a personal culture and a
team culture of, you know,
fail fast, fail often, Hey,
let's try this for a
week. Did that work? We
feel good about that. All
right, let's try it again
for another week. No, we
didn't like that. Let's not
do that anymore. Yeah. I
would say the practice that
has helped the most. I
think there's two things. One
on my team, I have
established a culture of doing
team user manuals. It's adapted
from there's a, I can't
remember who it was, who
did a thing on manager
read me's, but that was
where I got the idea.
And it's essentially an operating
manual to working with me.
But from the perspective of
recognizing how different everyone on
the team is and giving
everyone a space to answer
a few questions about how
they work and how they,
how they function. And we
were doing that before, because
I just find it really
important for building a diverse
team that makes space for
each other, but now it's
become even more important. And
we had an opportunity right
around the time where we
all ended up working from
home. We had roadmap week,
which is our organization's planning
moment. And there's two parts
to roadmap. Week. One part
is outward facing to stakeholders.
Here's what we're going to
build over the next six
months. Here's our expectations for
what will happen in what
order, but there's also an
inward facing moment where the
team retrospects on the last
six months and just explorers,
what went well about how
we work together? What didn't
go, well, what new practices
do we want to introduce?
What practices do we want
to modify? And it's a
very big reflective moment. And
we happened to have that
shortly after we all went
work from home and that
turned out to be a
really good intention setting moments.
I like that term intention
setting moment, I'm getting really
big this year into deliberate
practice. And it doesn't matter
if you decide to do
a thing and it's wrong
or right. But it is
important that you decided to
do a thing as opposed
to letting the thing happen.
So intention setting sounds very
intentional, right? That's exactly the
point behind why I think
these user manuals are so
helpful as well because otherwise
a team's practices, you know,
maybe they're formed intentionally by
a couple of the leaders,
but ideally I want them
to be formed intentionally by
the team because we're ultimately
asking the whole team to
buy into them. And so
if we give everyone in
the team, the opportunity to
weigh in and create those
intentions together, then it's more
likely to both stick and
to support everyone. I'm going
to put links to all
of this stuff that we're
talking about in the notes,
the manager read, me's the
idea of a, a user
manual, having a personal user
manual. That's been coming up
more and more on our
teams at Microsoft where someone
says, Oh, I want all
of my communication in Microsoft
teams. And then you have
a person who says, well,
I want all mine and
outlook. Right. And then it's
like, well, you know, and
then someone, then some random
person, like, I want it
in WhatsApp. What do you,
what do you do in
situation? Like, do you have
any situations like that where
you're a Slack company and
everyone wants it in Slack
or whatever. No one wants
to do that. Yeah. I
mean, I think so my
view on this is that
writing the user manual, isn't
the thing that means that
people disagree. It's the thing
that surfaces it. So we
had a bit of a
showdown on my team about
how we were going to
do stand ups. And it
was, you know, there's a
faction that wanted to do
synchronous stand ups in person
via zoom. And there's a
faction that wanted to do
asynchronous stand ups via Slack.
And he's thinking of Stanos
Right. Meaning they happen. Yes.
And it's another point too.
Right. So meaning they happen
sort of whenever is the
right time for you. Right.
So it's sort of an
individual focus versus a team
focused moment. Right. Okay. Yeah.
And there's lots of reasons
for all these different things,
right. Time-zones companion come into
play should stand up, be
first thing in the morning.
Well, first thing in the
morning for me, isn't first
thing in the morning for
you. What about right? What
about right before lunch? Well,
my whole family has scheduled
lunch at this time. And
now you're saying you want
to do standup in this
time. So what's the right
thing. And the bottom line
is, you know, your best
case scenario is you find
a solution where everyone is
happy, but let's be real.
Sometimes that doesn't exist. Yeah.
And so we ultimately, we
made a compromise and this
is when I like my
team to try to be
able to, to reach a
conclusion on their own. Ultimately
in this one, this is
one, right. I did something
that's unusual for me and
I decreed what it was
going to be. And I
said, I want us to
do this for two weeks.
I think was the initial
time period. I said, for
two weeks, we're going to
do it this way. And
I don't want us to
talk about it. I don't
want to hear about it
again. I want us to
focus on the rest of
our work and you can
think about it. And I
encourage you to be open
minded about the perspective that
was different from yours. And
then I created an explicit
space. I said at our
next retro, I'm going to
create like an explicit splice
to talk about how did
the standups go? That is
really actually very cool because
there's, we use a term
and sometimes internally I need
a volunteer. If I don't
get a volunteer, you're going
to get voluntold. But the
opportunity there, like you, you
gave them the space to,
to come up with a
solution that failed. You said,
all right, we're going to
do this. And then at
Intel, they have this term
disagree and commit, right? Yeah.
The big old fight. Everyone's
mad. Okay. We've committed though.
Let's for two weeks, I
love that a moratorium on
not complaining about this and
won't complain about it later.
We have things to do.
Interesting. Is there a pressure
to use only a sauna
for these things or make
the, make the tools fit
the process or the process
with the tool? I would
say that the benefit that
we get from having the
whole company uses sauna is
that we're pretty clear on
it being the source of
truth and all teams use
it. So it makes it
easier to collaborate across lots
and lots of teams. So
that becomes the trade off
that we make. If we
choose to use another tool,
but for things like stand
up right now, you think
about what's the problem you're
trying to solve. If you're
trying to do a synchronous
standup, where everyone is together
in the same place and
try to quickly share information,
that's not long lived a
sauna, isn't the place, because
right now it just doesn't
solve that need. We use
a sauna for tracking the,
the source of truth. So
if you think about like
the team's work for a
sprint, it lives in a
sauna. And so any like
long lived information should be
there, but your quick, like,
how am I feeling about
it? Right. As long as
the North star, the sort
of, like I said, the
authoritative source, this is what
we're doing, but it's not
a chat platform. Right? Hey,
friends, I want to thank
one of our sponsors, the
company, text control. They are
the creator of TXT tax
control. It's a Microsoft word,
inspired document editor library. It's
basically a document processing engine
for your web applications. They've
got libraries for asp.net, MVC
for angular, for no JS.
And they just released a
dotnet core version. It lets
you basically integrate a Wiziwig
document editor into your web
applications. You can edit docs,
you can do merge templates.
You can include data. You
can even create Adobe PDF
documents. It's a fully featured
API. It's really pretty amazing.
You can try it free.
And I encourage you to
check out the live demos@textcontrol.com
slash demos, text control.com/demos. It's
really pretty amazing piece of
work. One of the things
that we've been trying on
my team is a thing
called Monday vision Friday reflection,
where on Monday we send
out an email, which is
a bulleted list and one
of our team members does
it with emoji. So now
we all do it with
emojis, for bullets in the
emojis. I don't have meaning.
And the, that is a
vision for our week and
the trick wasn't to be
a complete list of all
things we're doing. It was
meant to be three to
five things that we would
really feel an awesome week
would require if the week
was awesome. We got these
things done. And then on
Friday we reflect on them
and we do like a
little mini post-mortem. That's an
asynchronous standup, but we do
synchronous standups. That makes sense.
We are, we're on teams,
we're doing video calls, but
everyone tells everyone what they're
doing. And that the intent
of that was to we're
struggling with cross team collaboration
because we're ending up being
siloed because we are physically
siloed. Is that happened at
all? It's like, well, I'm
here, I'm in my house
in my time zone. I'll
just do it all. I'll
just do the thing, Becoming
siloed from other teams or
becoming siloed individuals From each
other. I have a team
of 10 and we're no
one is co located. We're
all remote. And there are
opportunities for team synergy where
like, Oh, team member to
team member six, if only
you two knew what you
were working on and you
were in the same room,
you could do this. Or,
you know, so we're really
struggling with that. And one
of the things we're, we're
trying to incorporate now in
an attempt to fix this
is what one of our
team members calls writing it
down culture, just stop talking.
And then what the, you
know, spend more time writing
things down. So Hey, this
hour meeting, let's make it
a half an hour meeting
and then somebody write it
down and put it in
one single place. Yeah. I
don't have perfect vision. So
for me to say, Oh
no, we definitely are absolutely
collaborating in all situations where
we should. I can't say
that because certainly there's something
I don't know about. I
think the fact that we
use a Sana for all
of our different types of
information really means that we
had built a strong practice
of writing things down before
we use it for meeting
agendas. We use it for
tracking our sprint work. We
use it for here's my
list of ideas that I
want to eventually apply to
this problem we already know
about. We have lots of
sort of built in mechanisms
and practices already for that.
It doesn't mean we're perfect
at writing it all down,
but I think that's not
the particular problem we have.
I do see siloing happening.
I think actually the, the
place I see it the
most is with new people
who are onboarding because they
don't know where the people
are or where the information
is unless they know what
to search for, or someone
tells them about the thing.
Yes, that is a huge
problem. And so yes, discovery
is really hard because if
you know the words to
search for, you can find
the thing like we have
the set of projects that
is intended for you to
give input to something that
you're not responsible for. So
for example, as an individual
engineer, if you have input
about how our recruiting process
or our hiring process or
interview process goes, you submit
it to the end interview
opportunity project. Once you've been
at a sauna for a
little while, you know that
if you search for opportunity,
you'll find product opportunities, the
sauna opportunities, interview opportunities. And
so you'll quickly find the
place where you can provide
the feedback you want it
to provide. But if you
don't know that opportunity is
the word that we use
for talking about that sort
of thing, or that that's
a cultural thing that we
value. How will you find
that for the first time?
Exactly. During our Onboarding process,
we have a glossary of
words to know it's all
over the, you know, all
the Microsoft isms that we
don't know that we don't
know, I do have a
similar kind of a sauna
isms terms and things that
are not industry standard, but
our Asana standard, Certainly. I
mean, there's lots of them
that we've explicitly written down
things like our company's values,
which we make sure, and
we train everyone on that.
And then they show up
in lots of places, but
there's also many that are,
you know, could be team
specific or a part of
your area, or also there's
some that over time you
get so used to that,
the moment that you realize
that it's not common is
when someone questions you on
it. Yeah, exactly. I do.
I do before. I don't
want to run at a
time and I want to
shift gears a little bit
because I was looking at
the timeline of your career.
And I noticed that you
worked at Apple for a
time as a software engineering.
And I just happened to
notice that you, you left
Apple in August of 2001,
as I recall, that was
a, that was a busy
time in America, just shortly
thereafter. Right when I worked
at Apple was actually my
internship before my senior year
in undergrad. And so the
career fair for my senior
year when everyone was looking
for jobs happened in October, 2001.
So the key event that
happened in between that was
September 11th and my career fair
was not very well attended
for multiple reasons. One was
that the tech sector really
hadn't been doing well for
a little while. That was
around the time the bubble
popped and then recruiters were
literally afraid to get on
planes to come and recruit.
No one wanted to fly
and knock to Tobar 2001.
So that year actually there's
some similarities to things that
are happening to undergrads now
where people who did get
job offers early in the
year were having them rescinded
before they graduated. And it
was a really tough time
in the job market. So
I ended up, there were
lots of people I graduated
with who went back to
grad school, but I was
pretty burned out on education
at that point. And that's
how I ended up working
for the federal government because
when lots of tech companies
weren't hiring, they were, There's
a huge chunk of time
where you spend working. It
just says for the federal
government doing awesome and amazing
things, but that's for 13
years. And when you work
for the government, can you
log in podcast and talk
about that stuff? Or do
you literally disappear, do awesome
work. And then your head
pops up 13 years later,
Definitely disappear. And then your
head pops up 13 years
later, I had no professional
presence until I decided I
wanted to leave the government
and look for a job
elsewhere. How is there any,
when you come out of,
when you exit, you know,
for lack of a better
word, a mission like that,
you know, 13 years stint,
is it hard for people
in the private sector to
see value in that in
the black box, the new
black box of your career?
Very, very hard for a
couple of reasons. I mean,
some of it honestly comes
from bias because people say,
well, if you haven't worked
at a startup before, how
do I know you can
work at a startup? People
have their own perspectives on,
what does it mean if
you worked at a government,
what does it mean about
you or about your background
or your capabilities. But also
I spoke a different language.
I had spent 13 years
getting really good at understanding
when someone asks me a
question, what information they were
really trying to get out
of me and knowing the
words to communicate it. And
when I first started looking
for jobs, I just, people
didn't understand me and I
didn't understand them. And so
it was a real effort
to figure out how to
communicate in a way that
I could, I could explain
why it is that I
know I can do this
work. Even if you don't
see Google on my resume
or Microsoft. That is really
interesting. I have a good
friend who is a vet
and came out of doing
engineering and software in, in,
in the Marines. And he
also felt when he jumped
into the private sector, that
the language that they're using,
like they're not clear at
all. They're not telling me
what they need. This is
not in any way organized.
What's, what's wrong with you
people to complete, like when
you said another language, I
was like, what's French. No,
you were speaking government, Right?
Yeah, absolutely. And, and there's,
you know, there's San Francisco
tech language and people don't
know what it is because
they all use it. But
when you come from the
outside of it, you immediately
are like, Oh, we don't,
I don't know what you're
talking about. And it's things
like acronyms, but it's also
things like just shared culture.
I mean, I have a
soft spot when I find
people who are leaving the
government and are looking to
switch to tech. I am,
I enjoy talking with them
to help them understand how
to translate their experience in
a way, because you have
to be able to speak
the other person's language. They
may not be as motivated
to learn to speak yours
Well, and isn't that the
very personality type and the
skillset of an, a successful
engineering manager. Yeah. I think,
yeah. It's an interesting point
to be able to speak
other languages. I think so.
That's interesting. I hadn't thought
about it that way. My
14 year old has started
telling people that humans are
just big meat bags under
pressure. And I'm like, okay,
that's an interesting way to
think about humanity itself. We're
just walking meat bags, you
know, thank you for that
gift young person. And as
I'm trying to understand how
he thinks about things, how
he is developing his worldview,
I start realizing that as
I try to support my
team of meat bags, I've
got 10 different people and
they all different backgrounds, all
different. They all grew up
differently. They all developed their
brains differently. It's a miracle.
We get all along at
all. And it, my job
is to herd those cats
and make them make them
happy and successful in their
best selves. Yeah. And I
think that's, I've heard this,
you know, you find comfort
with people who are like
you and growth with people
who are different. And I
think as an engineering manager,
I've absolutely found that to
be true because when I
find someone who has had
similar experiences to me, it's
easier for me to coach
them and also for them
to relate to me, cause
I can say, Oh yes,
I've experienced this. Or this
is a struggle that I
had. And here's how I
worked through it. And they
get to sort of feel
less alone and also see
an example of someone who
has successfully worked through that.
But when there's someone who's
very different from me, I
have to work harder to
make sure I'm really understanding
where they're coming from and
how to coach them in
a way that will be
helpful to them. I don't
want to be coaching it's
that like do unto others
as they would like as
opposed to doing what I
would like. If I coach
someone who's very different from
me with the way I
want to be coached, it
might not work Interesting. You
know, that I really liked
that. And I think that's
a good place to end
though, because it really gets
you thinking about how we
are in the place. We
are in technology with inclusion,
where an industry found comfort
in people who went to
the same schools and hung
out with the same people.
And now we are experiencing
a moment of growth where
we can find both comfort
and growth with a whole
new generation of people who
think differently and hopefully we'll
make better software. I like
that. Thank you so much
for chatting with me today.
Kate reading from us Ana,
thank you. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week.